Introduction to BlackNet


Your name has come to our attention. We have reason to believe you may be
interested in the products and services our new organization, BlackNet, has
to offer.

BlackNet is in the business of buying, selling, trading, and otherwise
dealing with *information* in all its many forms. 

We buy and sell information using public key cryptosystems with essentially
perfect security for our customers. Unless you tell us who you are (please
don't!) or inadvertently reveal information which provides clues, we have
no way of identifying you, nor you us. 

Our location in physical space is unimportant. Our location in cyberspace
is all that matters. Our primary address is the PGP key location:
"BlackNet <nowhere@cyberspace.nil>" and we can be contacted (preferably
through a chain of anonymous remailers) by encrypting a message to our
public key (contained below) and depositing this message in one of the
several locations in cyberspace we monitor. Currently, we monitor the
following location: the "Cypherpunks" mailing list (cypherpunks@toad.com).

BlackNet is nominally nondideological, but considers nation-states, export
laws, patent laws, national security considerations and the like to be
relics of the pre-cyberspace era. Export and patent laws are often used to
explicity project national power and imperialist, colonialist state
fascism. BlackNet believes it is solely the responsibility of a secret
holder to keep that secret--not the responsibilty of the State, or of us,
or of anyone else who may come into possession of that secret. If a
secret's worth having, it's worth protecting.

BlackNet is currently building its information inventory. We are interested
in information in the following areas, though any other juicy stuff is
always welcome. "If you think it's valuable, offer it to us first."

- trade secrets, processes, production methods (esp. in semiconductors)
- nanotechnology and related techniques (esp. the Merkle sleeve bearing)
- chemical manufacturing and rational drug design (esp. fullerines and
protein folding)
- new product plans, from children's toys to cruise missiles (anything on
"3DO"?)
- business intelligence, mergers, buyouts, rumors

BlackNet can make anonymous deposits to the bank account of your choice,
where local banking laws permit, can mail cash directly (you assume the
risk of theft or seizure), or can credit you in "CryptoCredits," the
internal currency of BlackNet (which you then might use to buy _other_
information and have it encrypted to your special public key and posted in
public place).

If you are interested, do NOT attempt to contact us directly (you'll be
wasting your time), and do NOT post anything that contains your name, your
e-mail address, etc. Rather, compose your message, encrypt it with the
public key of BlackNet (included below), and use an anonymous remailer
chain of one or more links to post this encrypted, anonymized message in
one of the locations listed (more will be added later). Be sure to describe
what you are selling, what value you think it has, your payment terms, and,
of course, a special public key (NOT the one you use in your ordinary
business, of course!) that we can use to get back in touch with you. Then
watch the same public spaces for a reply.

(With these remailers, local PGP encryption within the remailers, the use
of special public keys, and the public postings of the encrypted messages,
a secure, two-way, untraceable, and fully anonymous channel has been opened
between the customer and BlackNet. This is the key to BlackNet.)

A more complete tutorial on using BlackNet will soon appear, in plaintext
form, in certain locations in cyberspace.

Join us in this revolutionary--and profitable--venture. 


BlackNet<nowhere@cyberspace.nil>


-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.2

mQA9Ay1bN6oAAAEBgKfMEggL0mPuWFHGRTj8670ZJUPqufNtk+rHNuWuytwMb/5w
+u3bPupN0ImtqWwP7wAFEbQgQmxhY2tOZXQ8bm93aGVyZUBjeWJlcnNwYWNlLm5p
bD4=
=PPAm
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
